Previously on Ride or Die...
-What does this mean?
-It's the Black Mark.
Pirate code.
It means someone wants you dead.
There was a body from last night.
Look. last night's under control.
-Footage is deleted. scene is clear.
-No. no. no.
I need you to hold on to a body.
-keep it safe.
-Tough day?
Yeah.
No more lying and no more killing.
You're no agent of mine until
you complete the job you were hired to do.
Billy Donovan's passport
flagged this evening
at a private airport outside the city.
Flight path is headed toward
northern Spain. where he has a safe house.
Veronica Gillingsby? Who's that?
It's you.
Oh. my God. It. uh. it-it's British.
Who is she?
She's the most important thing
in the world to me.
She's my best friend.
Eliminate the problem.
♪ We are young. we run green ♪
♪ keep our teeth nice and clean ♪
♪ see our friends. see the sights ♪
♪ feel all right ♪
♪ We wake up...
Pardon me. excuse me.
Coming through. coming through.
♪ Smoke a fag. put it out ♪♪
-Ooh!
-Oh. God.
-My gosh. I'm so sorry. Ooh.
-No. that's my fault.
I was looking
in completely the wrong direction and...
Oh.
Ah.
Oh. God. that's me. I'm so sorry.
but I've got to get to platform D.
Yeah. Uh. uh. D is actually that way.
Oh. no.
You know. I know a shortcut. Come with me.
I really got you.
-Yeah. No. no. it's fine.
-So sorry.
I didn't get you. did I?
-No. no. no.
-That's a really nice dress.
You've come all this way with no plan?
No plans. Just an Interrail pass
and some big dreams
before I have to go back
to the real world.
-What's the real world?
-Law. I'm a lawyer.
No. wait. I'm a lawyer. What kind?
Well. I was a corporate lawyer.
but then I got this amazing job
as a public defender.
So I'm having my big adventure
before I start saving the world
and can't afford to do anything else.
So what's on this bucket list
for your excellent European adventure?
All the classics. And a sunset.
Sunset?
There's this village
I read about in my guidebook.
where the sun sets
right between the mountains.
so the whole countryside lights up
like it's on fire.
I was talking too much.
I tend to do that. I'm sorry.
No. please. Don't ever stop talking.
-So. thank you...
-Oh. this is...
-No. no. no. no. you first.
-Sorry. no. you go.
Thank you.
Genuinely. the highlight of my day.
Maybe my week.
Wait!
What if you didn't get on this train?
All right?
What if you got on the next one
instead? What if you.
an incredibly beautiful. clever.
funny lawyer who is gonna save the world.
tell me everything else
that's on her bucket list?
And I. an incredibly poorly paid clerk.
with the most boring job in the world.
attempt to dazzle you?
♪ When I nearly hit the face I loved ♪
What do you say?
♪ Did I tell you you're wonderful? ♪
♪ I miss you ♪♪
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ And I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
What are you thinking about?
Um. I was just thinking.
we've got a burner phone.
if you wanted to try and call the kids.
No. Not ready yet.
Do you want to talk about it?
Yeah.
But not with you.
Deb. please.
We can't sit in silence
for an 11-hour drive.
I can.
Right. Well. can I make a suggestion?
We go back to being friends until we find
Billy Donovan and get our answers.
and then you can go back
to this frosty glare thing.
I'm sorry. Uh. what's the correct response
to discovering
your best friend is a murderer?
I'm not a murderer. I'm an assassin.
I kill bad people.
Really awful.
-terrible people.
-For money.
Well. if I did it for free.
I'd be a serial killer.
And besides. I may not
even be doing it for much longer.
My work are trying to retire me.
What do you mean trying to retire you?
Well. they called me a W.O.A.C.A.
-A what?
-A Woman Of A Certain Age.
They didn't.
They said I've been acting out
'cause I was turning 50.
-You're not 50.
-Right? That's what I said.
And even if I was turning 50.
I'm still fucking good at my job.
-What's wrong?
-The truck behind us.
It's been following us since the tunnel.
Well. maybe
there's a different route we can take.
Stay off the main roads.
-Take the next right.
-Right.
Okay. Billy Donovan's safe house
is somewhere here.
So. if we stay on this road...
Oh. shit.
Ah. There's no tire jack back here.
-Are you sure?
-Positive.
Did you see Mrs. Williams put it in?
No. but she always does.
They must've messed with the tire
and taken the jack
when we were in the petrol station.
Who? The Albanians?
I don't know.
I'm gonna drive it on the rim.
get us to the nearest town.
Your tire blow?
Is that the truck that was following us?
Yeah.
I saw your tire running low.
I've been trying to catch you up.
but you were going so fast.
It's very dangerous.
driving with an uneven pressure.
Judith!
-Who sent you?
-Judith!
Huh?
Who sent you?
-Stop it!
-What?
What if he was just a nice stranger?
No. he was following us.
To warn us about the tire.
Right. but he was speaking in English!
Because we're driving an English car!
He is armed. Debbie!
He has a knife!
He's a whittler!
He-he makes
these very poor renditions of wildlife.
These weird little animals.
And his ice cream is melting.
Who buys ice cream
on their way to kill people?
Fuck it.
Oh.
Hello. This is Sam.
I need you to take care of another body.
You finally got Billy Donovan?
Not yet.
It's a German man.
Civilian.
A civilian?
Well. he is still alive.
Alive is worse.
Where are you?
Somewhere outside Calais.
I'm-I'm gonna put a tracker on the car
and then move it off the road.
And what...?
Fuck!
Sam?
Do you have any milk?
Oh. wait. never mind. I found it.
Hey.
Yeah. um...
No. that's great. but sorry.
that is just quite an expensive shirt.
Let me grab that.
I fell through a glass door.
I'm such an idiot.
I made some coffee. You want some?
Uh. yeah.
So. do you have any siblings or...?
Are you...?
Sorry. I don't normally
do this kind of thing.
Well. if you want to do this kind of thing
again. let me know.
I can put my number in your phone.
Yeah. No. I mean. I can... I can do it.
Uh. zero. seven. seven. zero. zero.
nine. zero. zero.
four. zero. three.
Great. Got it.
Right. but now you call me
so I have your number.
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
Ah. got it.
Bye. Sam.
In a surprising
turn of events.
MP David Claybourne was absent
from the vote today...
-Body.
- on the Transport Bill
-he campaigned so diligently for.
-Shit. shit. shit. shit!
Lift with your legs.
-You're using your back. Bend your knees.
-I'm bending my knees!
-We're gonna swing him. Ready?
-I can't get a purchase.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
What are you doing?
Oh. I am so sorry. sir. but we thought
you were going to kill us.
Is it because I'm big. ja?
I have a very intimidating presence.
No. no. no. no. It-It's our fault.
and you are perfectly proportioned.
We're going to steal your car.
But I'm putting your groceries
in here with you. And these things.
That one's a sheep.
-It's a sheep?
-A sheep. Of course.
Absolutely lovely.
Bye. Bye.
It's Sam.
This isn't him.
Where the hell is David Claybourne?
-I don't have him.
-What do you mean you don't have him?
Where is he?
I don't know.
I didn't pick him up.
You did. because he was in the hotel room.
No. He wasn't. Uh. this is everybody.
Oh. my God.
If-if The Director finds out
that we've lost an MP. we are both fucked!
And-and by "fucked." I mean "dead."
Yeah. I understood.
Thank you.
Hey. wait. Where are you going?
To call in a favor.
MP David Claybourne's absence
has sparked outrage
amongst his peers
in the House of Commons.
Several members of Parliament
have come for...
I bet he didn't fucking show.
He's dead.
And you. You let the wife get away
with my money.
-She had help.
-Help. From who?
A woman.
One woman took down
all three of you. yes?
Fuck off!
Enough!
We'll find her.
Calm down.
Calm down?
They stole my 24 million.
but I should calm down?
I'm fucking calm.
And you?
You know what you're supposed to do?
Yes. Dad. We got to find these women.
No one steals from you.
Exactly.
See?
He gets it.
So. why do I need you?
Go find them.
Williams & Daughter.
Was there a tire jack
in the back of the car?
Of course. We always pack one.
Thank God for that.
I thought I was going crazy.
I think we're being followed.
I don't know who it is. though.
I'll tell you who it's not.
A kind German man
who's currently in the boot of your car.
Whiptail.
are you all right?
No. I'm not.
He had WD-40 in the back.
so I wiped down all the porous surfaces.
They'll be too smudged
to lift any latent prints.
-Podcasts.
How long is this train
gonna take?
Should take eight to nine hours.
We'll get to Billy Donovan by tonight.
Come on.
Suivant.
Uh. hi. Could we get. um. two tickets
for the next train to Barcelona. please?
Next train to Barcelona...
leaves at 5:00 p.m.
Not till 5:00?
Wait. Do... do you not have
anything earlier?
The Royal Andalusian Express leaves in...
20 minutes.
Oh. yeah. Yeah. Great. Do two of those.
The only tickets left are
in the First Class sleeper carriage.
The price is...
-Are you insane?
-Is-is this euro or yen or...?
Each.
Each?!
That's the next train.
or you can wait until 5:00.
-Yeah. no. We'll take two. Yeah.
-Yeah. Two.
Good grief.
Oh.
That's an antique railroad light.
Oh!
This is Marquina marble.
It's so beautiful.
Ooh!
Ooh. Oh.
A French Baroque inkwell.
Shall I take a letter?
-Yes. take a letter for me. young lady.
-Ooh.
Look at that.
It's crystal.
-Oh.
-Ah.
This was a very financially irresponsible.
but excellent move.
-Oh.
-Oh. my gosh.
Deb.
What's-what's... what's wrong?
I don't know.
It's like. every time I look at you.
I forget.
I want to tell you about this insane thing
that happened to me.
And it's you.
You're the insane thing
that happened to me.
I need to think about something else.
I don't want to think about you or David.
or finding Billy Donovan.
You know what? Give me that. uh.
horrible pirate code thing.
-This?
-Yeah.
Who is she?
This Judith?
She stopped a war.
There was this Assyrian general
called Holofernes.
and he wanted to destroy her city.
So she snuck into his tent. got him drunk
and cut his head off.
She was the first ever female assassin.
And you chose your name because of her?
Yeah. I suppose.
So this is someone who really knows you.
and they want
to let you know they're coming.
Yeah. all right.
I'm fully aware
that I have lots of enemies.
Oh. I don't think it's an enemy.
I think it's a lover.
I think you broke his heart.
What about someone who loved you?
Oh. that's easy.
There's no one like that.
I've never...
Known anyone long enough
for someone to love me.
I loved you.
You broke my heart.
♪ Walkin' through the place...
Queenie. I need your help.
With what?
That giant hickey on your neck?
What? No! No.
I've. um... I've misplaced a body.
And not just any body.
An MP.
An MP?
You lost an MP?
Well. I guess you're dead.
Yeah. I know. That's why I'm here.
He was last seen in a hotel room.
And what am I supposed to do about it?
Okay. um...
Do you have a gadget
that can un-erase CCTV footage?
Of course not. you idiot.
What would be the point
of erasing it if you could un-erase it?
No. Wait.
But. I mean. I do have a number
of devices that can kill you.
You know. if you want to take matters
into your own hands. that is.
-Help me find this fucking body.
-Why should I?
Because I'll... I'll owe you.
I'll-I'll be in your debt.
Okay. Well. what are you offering me?
Wh-What do you want?
I don't know yet.
Okay. fine. Um...
-Sam! Hello. luv.
-Hi. Hi.
-What are you doing here?
-Sam got laid. Mum.
-Oh. well done.
-No. that's not true.
I... Well. I mean. yeah. I did.
but I'm... I'm here because Queenie
has graciously offered to help me clean up
a previous Whiptail disaster.
so I can work on her current disaster.
-And now she's God-knows-where in France.
-I'm tracking her passport.
She's at Calais train station.
What? Jesus Christ.
What is she doing on a train?
She's at Calais train station.
♪ Everyone here is boring ♪
♪ They scrapped the creative degrees ♪
♪ And made us study maths till 18 ♪
♪ I'm back on the 143 ♪
♪ The famous lady's
about to make her speech ♪
♪ No rooms. just expensive flats ♪
♪ We're 21 living in a death trap ♪
♪ Ooh. ah-ah-ah. ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ In a death trap ♪
♪ In a death trap ♪♪
Afternoon. ladies.
Can I get you started
with one of our fresh peach Bellinis?
Uh. just a water. thank you.
-Uh. two. please.
-One.
Two peach Bellinis.
And what name should I put on the tab?
De...
Veronica. I am Veronica Gillingsby.
I'm a normal British woman
with no problems.
-Well. okay.
-Mm.
Veronica. is it?
-Nice to meet you both.
Where are you two headed?
Uh. Rome.
Rome? On a train heading to Seville?
Well. of course to Seville.
and then on to Rome.
We-we have to get to a... a meeting.
-We've just been to Rome.
-Christ.
Loved it. But where's your meeting at?
The Vatican.
-The Vatican?
-Mm.
Darling.
what sort of business do you have
at the Vatican?
Or is it just simply too vulgar to ask?
No. no. not at all.
Not at all.
Uh. just a brief discussion about...
AI.
I would love to hear
from someone that truly knows
-what is Artificial Intelligence.
-Yes. Quite.
-Yes. quite.
-Quite.
Indeed.
Okay. first.
let's see if David Claybourne
even was in this hotel room.
Well. if he was. these glasses
will detect any trace of DNA.
New carpet?
Yeah. Yeah.
Um. cost more than the job paid.
Well. genuinely. you did too good a job.
'cause there's nothing here.
It was a long shot.
Sorry for...
dragging you all the way out here.
Wait.
There's spots of blood on here.
You said the bodies
were all put in bags. right?
Water-sealant cadaver pouches. yeah.
So why would there be blood
outside the door?
I mean. unless...
A body was moved before we got here.
There's more out here.
Indentation in the carpet.
Maybe they used a-a luggage cart thing.
Um...
Definitely big enough to fit a body.
Where do you think it goes?
Let's find out.
Queenie.
-I'll see you on the other side.
-No.
Queenie! Queenie!
Motherfuckers.
So. here I am
three days up Mount Everest.
And I say to my Sherpa...
His name was Sanu.
Oh. we're still extremely close friends.
"I simply cannot climb another inch."
And he said to me.
"Open your eyes.
You're already at the top."
I was already there.
Who wants another round?
François. another round of Bellinis
for me and my friends.
Thank you.
You're being ridiculous.
I know.
I know I'm being ridiculous.
I also know that when this train stops.
I got to get off and go back
to being Debbie Claybourne.
and she has to call her children
and tell them their father's dead.
So. for a few hours.
I would really like to be someone else.
I would like to be ridiculous.
And I would really appreciate it
if you would be ridiculous with me.
François. I'm gonna need a Bellini.
So.
we're outside Dar es Salaam.
car broken down.
Middle of the Serengeti.
And there we was.
A lion. Staring at us. face to face.
And he comes at me...
and Veronica whips out her weapon and...
I sang to it.
Because violence is never the answer.
And slowly.
ever so slowly.
the lion laid down at my feet.
That's incredible.
That's quite a life you have lived.
Veronica. Both of you.
In Prague. we have an expression.
Bez práce...
Nesjou kolace.
You speak Czech?
Mm...
A little.
-Oh...
-Yes. when I was a young girl.
I would spend all my summers
at my aunt's house
just outside of Karlovy Vary.
I used to love...
Scavenging
for mushrooms.
Yes. That's right.
I. um... I told you that.
And I even met your aunt.
Yes.
But it wasn't your real aunt.
Yeah. well.
she was a very close friend of the family.
And you didn't really scavenge
for mushrooms.
This isn't fun anymore.
Wait. What?
What are you doing?
I did this for a brief escape.
making up stories.
but your whole life is made-up stories.
I don't really know anything about you.
Yes. you do.
More than anyone.
So... there's no aunt in Karlovy Vary?
For you and your friend.
From the gentlemen at the bar.
Queenie!
Queenie?
Yeah. it stops here. End of the trail.
I'm not picking up
any more traces of blood.
-Now what?
-Now.
I need two Mini Cheddars. a Cherryade.
a Wispa Duo and...
-a pack of Skittles.
-Queenie.
And the time it takes me to eat them
is exactly how long it will take me
to download the security camera
from that ATM.
Oh. my God. I love you.
As in... just you're amazing.
I know. Sam.
I know.
Hmm.
Debbie?
Debbie cries.
Veronica doesn't.
Debbie?
Debbie!
Uh. s-sorry. Was this your seat?
No. No. it's all right.
Please join me.
Unless you are waiting for someone?
-No. It's just me.
-Please.
I just have some trinkets.
you know. for-for my grandkids.
Aw.
I couldn't help
but overhear some of your travels.
Uh. the lions in the Serengeti.
Uh. the meeting with the Pope.
Yeah. I may have taken a few liberties.
But something tells me
that your real story
might be even more exciting.
It's quite... complicated.
All the best stories are.
Hydroxybutyric acid.
Faster than a roofie
and stays in your system longer.
Getting Mickey-Finn'ed in a bar car.
-You know better than that. Whiptail.
-How do you...?
How do you know my...?
Why are you following me?
You sent me the postcards?
You sent
the postcards and the Black Mark!
No. I didn't send any postcards.
That sounds fucking lame.
-No.
-You got the wrong guy. luv.
I'm not even here for you.
Don't get me wrong.
I'd love a shot at you.
but you're not the job.
One Mrs. Deborah Claybourne.
What? Debbie?
No. Why?
She phoned the police.
Told them about our mutual employer.
You know the rules.
He sent you? The Director sent you?
Stop it!
Don't worry about your little friend.
-I'll make it quick.
-No.
No.
So tell me. Ms. Veronica.
Who are you. really?
I don't know anymore.
Hmm.
Three days ago. I had it all mapped out.
Knew who I was. where I was going.
And now. when I look in the mirror.
I don't...
recognize myself.
♪ Everybody knows ♪
♪ When the sun is gone ♪
♪ you can say good night...
It feels like I'm in free fall.
Like there's nothing
from my old life to hold on to.
and I don't know how long
I'm going to keep falling
or where I'm going to land.
♪ I am alive ♪
♪ I am the quiet ♪
♪ I am a lion...
Three days ago.
my whole world was turned upside down.
Two of the people I loved most
in the world...
lied to me.
♪ I am an army...
I suppose we are all liars
in our own way.
The truth is a tough place to live.
We don't lie to those we love.
Don't we?
From my experience.
we lie to them the most.
♪ I am an army ♪
♪ I am an army...
I lied. Whiptail.
I'm not gonna kill your friend fast.
I'm gonna take my time.
I'm gonna make it hurt.
Some people lie.
not in spite of their love for you.
but because of it.
Because they want to protect you.
no matter what.
Goodbye. Whiptail.
♪ I am an army ♪
♪ I am an army ♪♪
Judith! Your head is bleeding.
What-what happened?
-Got to go now.
-What?
Judith.
What are you doing?
Why are you opening the door?
Judith. talk to me!
Listen to me!
They know that we're on the train.
and there's gonna be
other people waiting for us
at the station.
-Who are they?
-People from my world.
They found us. Okay?
Our window of opportunity is closing.
We have to get off now.
What do you mean get off? You mean jump?
The train has to slow down
at the next curve.
and then it's gonna speed up.
If we wait. we'll have very little chance
of survival.
What are our chances now?
A lot less if we stay on the train.
If we stay on the train. we're gonna die.
Okay?
-This is it. this is our window.
-Oh! Oh!
You've got it. It's okay.
You can do this.
I can't. It's going too fast!
Veronica can do this.
No.
Debbie can do this.
Debbie!
Ah. Slow. slow. slow.
Are you all right?
Just take it easy. take it easy.
I'm alive.
Oh. I feel incredible!
I just jumped from a moving train
and I'm alive!
She's alive!
We're alive. Judith!
Oh...
-Ooh. Oh.
-Ugh.
-Oh...
Son of a bitch.
How could I have been so stupid?
Uh. what?
All the metaphors and that lovely hat!
Wait. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What are you talking about?
We've been robbed.
What?
-We've been robbed.
-No. no. no. no.
No!
Debbie. uh. where-where are our passports?
Debbie. where are our passports or the...
Where's all the money?
Where's all the money? What the...?
Debbie!
-Oh. no. no!
-Goddamn it!
Fuck!
Maybe now you get it.
You can never let your guard down.
I am well aware.
And the last thing I need
is a lecture from you.
If I could walk any faster
to get away from you. I would.
-Did you just harumph?
-No. it's all in your mind.
Yeah. I made a mistake.
But I'm sorry. I. uh.
have never had to pretend
to be someone else before.
There it is again.
You got something to say?
Say it. Because when this road ends.
so do we.
-You really want me to say it?
-Mm-hmm.
Fine.
You think that your life
isn't about pretending?
All you do is pretend.
You pretend that you're happy.
You pretend that you are
in this loving. trusting relationship.
and that-that you guys are equal.
David has never ever deserved you.
-How dare you? How dare you?
-All of this is the biggest lie.
We were a team.
Oh. bullshit.
No. don't you walk away from me.
You need to hear this.
You always tell everyone that.
when you met him.
you got off the train
because you were so charmed by him.
but David is irrelevant.
I think you got off the train...
Because you were too scared
to make it on your own.
Mm. All right.
But what about you. hmm?
You've lived such a-an incredibly
courageous life. is that the idea?
Well. I've never lived it in fear.
-You really believe that?
-Yeah.
You are the most cowardly person
I have ever met.
-Really?
-Really.
-You really think that?
-Mm. I've known you for 25 years.
and in all that time. you haven't had
a single proper romantic relationship.
Oh. so that makes me a coward?
Because I've never settled
-like you did?
-No! No.
It's because you don't want
to be challenged.
You've created this wall of lies
because you're scared of getting hurt.
You don't want anyone to get too close.
because if they do.
they just might see the real Judith.
or whatever the hell your name is.
You haven't told me a single
truthful thing since the moment I met you.
I couldn't.
'Cause you would've left me.
You don't know what
I would've done. Judith.
Yes. I do know what you would've done.
You would've done what everyone's done
that's ever got to know the real me.
They all leave.
I don't have anyone. I don't have
any other friendships like this.
I-I... The two
most important things in my life
are you and my job.
and now. I've fucked them both!
So. yes. you're completely right.
I am scared. I'm scared...
I'm so scared I can hardly breathe.
Of what?
I'm terrified to lose you.
See?
I'm terrified that I never
even had you. so...
What?
You've always had me.
-All right. Give me a hug.
-I want to give you a hug.
I'm sorry. I've never been this mean
to anybody in my life.
Well... I have. but not to you.
Oh. my God. it's a fucking truck. Quick.
-Hey!
-Hello. Bonjour. bonjour!
Bonjour! Don't-don't leave.
What's it's on now?
Eighty-nine percent.
One percent more
than when you last asked me.
So. how did you get started at the Agency?
Okay.
When I was. like. 15.
I stole cars.
-Oh!
-Yeah.
Anyway. one night.
I see this BMW parked up.
I break in. I hot-wire it.
I'm about to take off. and then...
Bam!
A body smashed on to the hood.
-Dead?
-Well. I don't know.
So. I open the door. get out.
see if they're okay.
I look down.
and they put a gun in my face.
"Drive." They're directing.
There's sirens going. I'm driving
like a maniac in a stolen bloody car.
And then. next thing I know.
they're going. "Pull over. pull over."
And we're in some middle-of-nowhere.
deserted warehouse.
So. I get out.
Now. there's. like.
five more guns in my face.
and this guy in these overalls goes.
"What'd you want us to do with him?"
She looks at me.
Shrugs.
And says. "Train him up."
-And that was Whiptail?
-Whiptail. Yeah.
And what about The Director?
You know him.
You-you talk to him.
Like. he trusts you.
He must trust you.
Yeah. I guess. Yeah.
Then that's what I want.
In return for helping you.
I-I want a meeting.
Are you joking? I'm hanging on
to my job by a literal thread.
Uh. why not ask your mum?
She knows him better than I do.
I... I don't want my mum to know about it.
Like. about two months ago.
I had to renew my motorcycle license.
and I had to hand in my birth certificate.
So. I go. take it out the drawer. and...
it's a fake.
It's like a really good one.
and that's how I know my mum made it.
but...
I don't know why.
But I think that The Director
might know the truth. so...
that's why I want a meeting.
Okay.
I'll see what I can do.
Okay. Cool.
Cool.
It's done.
Gracias. señor.
I'm... gonna give you some privacy.
Wait. What's that?
There he is.
Hi. sweetheart.
Is your brother with you?
Okay. okay. I...
I have something
very important to tell you both.
I hate to be doing this over the phone.
but I will be with you both very soon.
I promise.
It's about your father.
He's...
Wait.
What?
When?
Damn it.
Okay. can we get any wider?
No. I can't get any wider.
Martin Scorsese.
Back it up.
There. there. Stop.
Oh. fuck.
Honey... I need to call you back.
I love you.
He's alive.
What?